Allow to configure the timeout for a specific  transaction (#3063)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/transaction-guide.adoc

<1> Inject the `TransactionManager` to be able to activate `setRollbackOnly` semantic.
<2> Programmatically decide to set the transaction for rollback.

> === Transaction Configuration

Reviewer: Asciidoc requires space after a section title. Some parsers are more lenient but let's be safe.

Author: done

> Extended configuration of the transaction is possible with the use of the `@TransactionConfiguration` annotation that needs to be set in addition to the standard `@Transactionnal` annotation (at method or class level).

Reviewer: s/that needs to be set in addition/that is set in addition/

It conveys the same meaning but less aggressive.

Author: done

> Extended configuration of the transaction is possible with the use of the `@TransactionConfiguration` annotation that needs to be set in addition to the standard `@Transactionnal` annotation (at method or class level).

Reviewer: s/Transactionnal/Transactional/g

Author: done

> The `@TransactionConfiguration` allow to set a `timeout` property, in seconds, that applies to the current transaction.

Reviewer: You probably need to mention that this annotation will only take effect if you place it on the top level method delineating the transaction and that annotated nested methods once a transaction has started will be a noop (or a warning I forgot).

Reviewer 2: +1 (or even indeed it might be an exception if that is what is decided below)

Author: I rephrase it with the notion of entry method as it is already conveyed in the transactional guide.

Reviewer 2: Well, it is not changing the current transaction. So maybe something like:

> The `@TransactionConfiguration` allow to set a `timeout` property, in seconds, that applies to transactions created within the annotated method.

Author: done

<1> Inject the `TransactionManager` to be able to activate `setRollbackOnly` semantic.
<2> Programmatically decide to set the transaction for rollback.

=== Transaction Configuration

Extended configuration of the transaction is possible with the use of the `@TransactionConfiguration` annotation that is set in addition to the standard `@Transactional` annotation on your entry method or at the class level.

> The `@TransactionConfiguration` allow to set a timeout property, in seconds, that applies to transactions created within the annotated method.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `@TransactionConfiguration` annotation allows to set a timeout property, in seconds, that applies to transactions created within the annotated method.
```

Author: done

> 

Reviewer 3: I think we need some clarification about how it works when set at the class level.

Author: see my previous answer :)
